(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live.
The Digital World.
Tai and the other
Digi-destined children
alongside their partner Digimon
continue their
journey to prevent
the revival of Millenniummon,
the bringer of destruction.
And now they're headed
toward the Sealed Grounds.
However...
[Gatomon] Something's not right.
(Kari gasping)
What's going on, Gatomon?
[Gatomon] This
landscape isn't the same
as the one in my memory.
I thought we were
on the correct path
to the Sealed Grounds
following my memories,
but it seems the materialization
of human objects,
alongside the effects
of the black lightning
are changing the landscape
of the continent itself.
How is that even possible?
So basically, you don't
know where we are,
which means we're lost, right?
And I have no memory of this
river being here either.
And for that matter,
since when was there a forest?
Are you ready?
(Etemon chuckling)
[Gazimon] Yeah!
Yeah!
(upbeat rock music)
♪ All of you that
gather here before me ♪
♪ Adore me
♪ And if you're
here for me ♪
♪ Then cheer for
me, ya feel me ♪
♪ The ultimate being
♪ The king with the singing
♪ Nobody else can touch the
rhymes that I'm flinging ♪
This is entertainment!
Who's the King of Digimon?
Let me hear you say it!
[Gazimon] Etemon!
King of Digimon!
-(Gazimon cheering)
-You guys are awesome!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
(upbeat electronic music)
Who's ready to workout?
Exercise!
Vol-ca!
-(Etemon growling)
-Vol-ca!
Crashing my party again!
[Group] Vol-ca!
Vol-ca!
[Volcamon] Exercise!
♪ Muscle, hustle,
wanna be the master ♪
♪ Add another weight and
work a little faster ♪
♪ Biceps, triceps,
abs, and pecs ♪
♪ Glistening muscles,
powerful flex ♪
♪ Abs like a chocolate
bar six pack ♪
♪ Not working out
Get back on track ♪
♪ King of Digimon
♪ What's my name
[Gatomon] Volcamon!
(Gazimon cheering)
You gotta be kidding me!
Whose side are you guys on?
Come on! Vol-ca!
Vol-ca!
[Group] Vol-ca!
(upbeat rock music)
Let's get back to entertainment!
(Gazimon cheering)
-(Volcamon growling)
-(Etemon growling)
All right, answer me this!
What is it that one
must do in order
to be crowned as the one and
only true King of Digimon?
[Etemon] Entertainment!
You're wrong!
The right answer is exercise!
Behold, these beautiful
hulking muscles!
(Volcamon exploding)
(Gazimon gasping)
Enter-tainment!
Nobody out there, not even you,
is better than me!
I'm the best of the best!
What do ya say we find out
who the King of Digimon is.
Whenever, wherever, pal!
-(Etemon growling)
-(Volcamon growling)
-Let the battle begin!
(upbeat rock guitar music)
(birds chirping)
So what now?
Should we go back to the place
that last matched your memories?
I'm afraid there's
no time for that.
[Sora] Then let's see
if anything changes.
(bright music)
[Mimi] What are all
those things, Tentomon?
(Tentomon gasping)
Yeah, what is all
of this weird junk?
[Tentomon] Oh, you mean these?
They're treasures of
all shapes and sizes
I dug up from the scrap pile.
[Gabumon] Treasures?
[Mimi] Fascinating!
(Agumon chomping)
Little tough, but
I'll make it work.
[Tentomon] Aren't they great?
Everything you could ever want.
Ooh!
Those are cute.
But what do you do with them?
Ooh!
Amigo!
Now your turn.
[Palmon] Ooh, amigo!
Amigo!
[Palmon] Amigo!
Mimigo!
[Palmon] Mimigo!
Yay!
(Mimi laughing)
(Mimi gasping)
What about you, Izzy?
What kind of treasure
did you find?
That's odd. What's
that little thing?
[Izzy] Garbagemon gave it to me.
Judging from the looks of it,
it appears to be some
sort of flash drive.
So, let's plug it
in and find out.
Well, the issue is it
could have anything on it,
even a virus.
My grandpa always said,
"Seeing is believing!"
The first step is
always the hardest.
-So I say just go for it!
-Mimi, don't!
(mysterious music)
-(Izzy gasping)
-(Mimi gasping)
(mysterious music)
What's going on
with my Digi-vice?
[Izzy] Could it be?
It seems like the
data inside of it
is being transferred.
What kind of data is it?
[Izzy] I'm not sure yet.
I just hope it's
helpful information.
(static)
(Izzy yelling)
(Komondomon barking)
(group yelling)
(mysterious electronic music)
My ears!
What's that sound?
Whoa!
What's up with this?
Agumon?
Something's weird, Tai.
I can't stop!
(Agumon roaring)
(Tai yelling)
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
(Biyomon yelling)
What's going on?
I don't know, but I can't stop!
-(Mimi trembling)
-Mimi.
Mimi.
What?
Why are you using
Marching Fishes
at a time like this?
I don't know either, Joe!
(Gatomon meowing)
(Gatomon hissing)
[Kari] Gatomon?
(Patamon groaning)
[TK] Patamon!
Come back!
Gabumon?
(Matt gasping)
Where'd you go, buddy?
Gabumon!
Tentomon, are you
feeling all right?
[Tentomon] Eh?
I'm sorry.
Don't you know who I am?
Say what?
Hey, you stay out of this!
What did you say?
Something's
definitely not right.
Does this sound have anything
to do with these anomalies?
(upbeat electronic music)
What is that?
[Volcamon] Vol-ca!
Muscles!
Please!
Vol-ca!
-(Tai gasping)
-Vol-ca!
What is happening?
I don't know, but
I don't like it!
Let me captivate
you with my music!
-(record scratching)
-Enter-tainment!
If the King is I,
then I am King!
Vol-ca!
(sound waves exploding)
-(Agumon roaring)
-(Tai gasping)
I figured it out!
The sound waves emitted
by those two Digimon
are what's causing
all this commotion.
They're interfering
and affecting
all of the data in the vicinity.
The sound waves?
Yeah. See everyone
acting so weird?
I think that's the reason.
(Etemon panting)
All right.
(Volcamon panting)
Etemon and Volcamon.
They're both Ultimate Digimon.
Huh? Wait a second.
Who are you guys?
[Volcamon] I've never seen 'em.
Oh, well, you see,
we're actually...
-Oh!
-(group gasping)
I know you!
You guys are the
Digi-destined, huh?
What?
Is it really them?
(Tai trembling)
Oh wow.
Looks like we're well-known,
for better or worse.
The Digi-destined continue their
journey as they
pulverize whoever
and whatever stands
in their way.
And rumor has it that
no one is strong enough
to survive an
encounter with them!
Until now.
That's what they say?
It's all true!
It means if I defeat
you super famous kids,
then everyone will
have no choice
but to acknowledge yours truly
as the true King of Digimon!
That settles it!
Whoever defeats them is
the true King of Digimon!
How's that?
Not a bad idea at all.
I'm gonna turn you to dust
'cause I'll be the
one defeating you!
Well, you see, we
don't have time
to be fighting pointless bat-
-Silence!
-(group gasping)
And bear witness to me, the
King of Digimon, Etemon!
(group screaming)
There's only one King of
Digimon and that's me!
Volcamon!
(group screaming)
(rumbling)
(Etemon laughing)
Victory!
Is everybody still okay?
Kinda.
Hey Tai.
We should retreat for now.
I think you're right.
Okay, Agumon, let's hold
those two off for the others.
[Agumon] You got it, Tai!
Let's do it!
(victorious music)
Agumon digivolve to!
[Greymon] Greymon!
Nova!
Well, Biyomon?
[Biyomon] Biyomon digivolve to!
[Birdramon] Birdramon!
[Sora] Birdramon?
[Birdramon] Sora, I can't stop!
(Birdramon yelping)
What's wrong, Greymon?
I bit my tongue.
[Etemon] You're mine!
-(Etemon yelling)
-(Greymon growling)
(Volcamon growling)
Sorry about this birdie,
but it's time for
you to fly high!
(Birdramon yelling)
Birdramon!
(descending whistling)
Biyomon?
Tentomon?
[Tentomon] Take this!
Take that!
Had enough?
-Gabumon?
-Never!
-Where are you?
-Never, never!
Ready, Gomamon?
Gomamon digivolve to!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon!
Harpoon Torpedo!
What?
(Ikkakumon yelling)
Why is it chasing me?
(Joe yelling)
[Ikkakumon] Joe!
(Ikkakumon yelling)
Oh, Joe!
Patamon, wake up!
Patamon!
Oh no.
Palmon, you just swallowed
Patamon, didn't you?
No! I didn't, I promise!
Jeez!
These Kings of Digimon
sure are annoying!
It's worth a shot.
Greymon!
(Greymon growling)
Paws crossed.
Greymon digivolve to!
[Metalgreymon] Metalgreymon!
All right!
Metalgreymon, how
you holding up?
Good to go.
Giga Blaster!
It's party time!
(upbeat music)
Bring it on!
Muscle!
Here we go!
(Tai groaning)
[Metalgreymon] One more time!
Giga...
Blaster!
[Tai] Agumon?
Huh?
[Tai] Are you okay?
This never happens
to me, I swear.
Oh man.
They might be weird, but
they're super strong!
[Matt] Gabumon!
Is this some kind of joke?
You guys are trash!
Yeah. This is no good.
We can't prove who's better
against these chumps.
Now hold it right there you two!
Your incredible song and
your incredible muscles,
both of them are fantastic!
We were blown away and
just had to come tell you!
Mimi?
Just go along with it!
That's right!
We thought you were
both just lovely!
-Yeah!
Finally, someone
with good taste.
You understand
the muscle hustle!
Uh huh!
So anyway, what's
all this about?
You know, all this being
the King of Digimon stuff?
Come on!
Tell us!
(Volcamon shivering)
It all goes back
to one dark truth.
Ya see, in this world where
the strongest survive,
the weak are all but destined to
eventually become
the strong's prey.
Those were the days
when I was weak.
Everyone made fun of me.
They'd go out of their
way to pick on me
and call me names,
like weakling.
So I knew I had to change.
Stronger.
I had to become stronger!
[Volcamon] I trained,
and trained, and trained!
I trained as much as
my body would allow!
[Etemon] And now,
everyone acknowledges me
as one of the toughest
Digimon there is!
But I continued to
train my body endlessly.
And after some time,
we had become entities that
rivaled all other Digimon!
However...
Only one can be crowned
as the King of Digimon.
So there has to be some
kind of way to settle it!
Just sit back and
enjoy the show you two
because I'm about to show
you the best...entertainment!
[Volcamon] Exercise!
♪ Yeah. Butt game, rap
game all on point ♪
♪ Anytime I hit the mic
I never disappoint ♪
♪ What's a limit
I stay in it ♪
♪ Pushups till my
body needs a minute ♪
♪ Why work out when you're
the king, am I right ♪
♪ Here's a call-out, you're
all bark and no bite ♪
♪ Barbells, dumbbells,
I can hit 'em all ♪
♪ Enter with protein
when hunger calls ♪
♪ King of Digimon
♪ There's only and it's
-Etemon!
-Volcamon!
(Gazimon cheering)
Mimi!
You okay?
Good idea.
Pitting them up
against one another
was pretty clever thinking.
Yeah, I thought so too.
But this is getting to
be way out of control!
(Palmon groaning)
-Vol-ca, Vol-ca, Vol-ca!
-My entertainment moves you!
Doesn't it?
Only a true king could do this!
(group groaning)
(Palmon groaning)
Mimigo!
(group gasping)
-(Etemon gasping)
-(Volcamon gasping)
What?
Palmon?
Can't you see we're
busy here, little girls?
Unless you wanna challenge us?
Bring it on, chumps.
Oh you're on, muscle man!
Palmon!
Right! Let's party!
(triumphant music)
Palmon digivolve to!
Enter-tainment!
Exercise!
(triumphant music)
[Ponchomon] Ponchomon!
(Mimi gasping)
[TK] Patamon!
(TK gasping)
Ponchomon.
Oh, I get it.
It's an irregular digivolve
caused by the sound waves,
the same ones that caused
the anomalies earlier.
[Ponchomon] Ponchomon!
Ponchomon!
I have no idea what's going on,
but let's do this!
(Mimi clearing throat)
Mucho amigo jalapeno!
The challenger, Ponchomon!
[Ponchomon] Mimigo!
-(upbeat Latin music)
-(Agumon giggling)
(Gazimon giggling)
Ole!
(Volcamon yelling)
It's even breaking
through my muscles!
Well, senor?
Can you keep up with
Ponchomon's groovy moves?
What's this?
You intend to compete against
my entertaining music?
-(Volcamon yelling)
-(Etemon yelling)
[Ponchomon] Blood
Dance Maracas Version!
Amigo!
(upbeat Latin music)
What?
But how?
The sound waves created
from Ponchomon's rhythm
are so strong that they're able
to cancel out
Etemon's sound waves.
Dark Network!
[Mimi] Much caliente!
Now finish them, Ponchomon!
(Volcamon growling)
(Volcamon yelling)
Big Bang Tackle!
[Ponchomon] Ponchomon!
(Volcamon yelling)
[Izzy] Incredible.
Ponchomon is
grooving so hard that
the other two are
struggling to keep up!
[Mimi] Viva Ponchomon!
The King of Digimon
title is all yours!
Huh?
The only Kind of Digimon
around here is me!
(Volcamon growling)
It's me!
(Volcamon yelling)
[Ponchomon] Ponchomon!
(Volcamon groaning)
(Etemon groaning)
-(Volcamon groaning)
-(Etemon groaning)
(Ponchomon humming)
(Etemon yelling)
[Ponchomon] Tequila Knuckle!
(Volcamon yelling)
Have mercy!
This can't be happening.
Oh man.
That punch was awesome.
-(Etemon yelling)
-(Volcamon yelling)
The winner, Ponchomon!
[Ponchomon] Mimigo!
I've never been so moved by
a performance in my life.
I beg of you.
Please form a duo
with me, Ponchomon.
No way.
With that excellent
agility of yours,
you should be
polishing those awesome
skills with someone like me!
Get off of me, Volcamon!
You're too heavy!
You're gonna crush me!
(Etemon groaning)
Sorry, but we're already a duo.
-Ponchomon.
-Come on!
[Tentomon] Well,
you see, I was...
(Izzy chuckling)
I'll see myself out.
I couldn't find you
anywhere, Gabumon.
Where were you?
(Gabumon grunting)
All right!
I was able to load the data.
-(bright piano music)
-(Tentomon groaning)
[Gatomon] A map?
Is it a map of
the area we're in?
Sure looks like it.
[Izzy] What's this?
[Joe] It changed!
(Gatomon gasping)
[Gatomon] This landscape!
This is exactly what I remember!
It's able to scan
the surrounding land
and create a map?
Not to mention, it comes with
images from the past too?
Check it out!
Cool, huh?
You bet.
It's a treasure,
that's for sure.
If we take this
map and compare it
to the landscape
in my memories...
[Tai] Then we can finally reach
the Sealed Grounds, right?
-Mimigo!
-(Palmon laughing)
-(Mimi laughing)
(Etemon groaning)
-Yay!
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] Next up on
the Digimon Encyclopedia is...
Golemon.
This Digimon is made up
of over 90% rock data.
The hot gas emitted
from his body
can be used for attacks, too.
Now check out this fun fact.
Golemon's body is kind
of like a knitted sweater
where the rocks are
weaved by wires.
Wait. Can wires be
woven into sweaters?
A wire sweater would be awesome!
(triumphant music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Petaldramon
is injured,
but does everything to
keep moving forward.
Kari and Petaldramon's
hearts resonate as one.
[Tai Voiceover] Next time,
"Kari and the Moving Forest."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.